hello Pokemon fans what is up and what
is good i'm professor k and today we've
got two packs of primal clash for
another two pack tuesday these of course
were donated to us by master mew 2 if
you guys saw from one of our previous
mega mailbox mania mondays i believe it
was number 12 he sent these to us and
about 10 packs as a matter of fact so
really appreciate you for doing that his
channel link will of course be in the
description down below and I get these
out of the cardboard and we're going to
get right to it okay looks like we got n
mega a grunt pack and a mega Gardevoir
pack so let's go ahead and get these
things open up and see what we have
inside of these two packs of primal
clash so generously donated by our very
good friend take a look care code card
is actually right way it's supposed to
be we've got a spinda chin Chow Mudkip
soul rock point of pearl masquerade
repeat ball shrine of memories reverse
holo is a Marshtomp and the rare is a
broom haha Breloom so many breweries in
our live stream for six thousand
subscribers if you guys watch that ptc
geo opening it wasn't that burlew but
the work from furious fest we just got
so many breloom it was ridiculous
alright so let's move out here to our
mega Gardevoir pack I don't mind balloon
but and he's just overwhelmed us in that
stream it's a ridiculous alright here we
go so we have a neater and female
trapinch steal Torchic merrell Torchic
an ancient trait I've got a lantern
lombre reverse holo is a Feebas you guys
Wow listen to alternative rock float on
is actually a song by Modest Mouse so it
seems like there's a lot of song
references you got Taylor Swift
exeggutor will shake it off and modest
mouse Phoebus apparently and a Ludicolo
ancient trait not holo rare alright so
nothing too special this opening but
that's okay because again like I said
these were donated to us by master mew
to kinda give you guys the code here for
primal clash let us know
you guys get in the comments section
down below thank you once again to
mastram youtube for sending us these
cards really appreciate you for doing
that and of course if you enjoyed this
video be sure to like comment and
subscribe for more TCG content and we
will see you guys on the next to pack
Tuesday one week from today same time
same place so for the Pokemon
evolutionary's i'm professor k we will
see you next time